What is your age? - Age (years)
What is your gender? - Selected Choice
What is your area of study? If you are not a student, please select "not a student". - Selected Choice
How many years of tertiary study have you had?
What do you think John is experiencing? - Selected ChoiceWhat do you think Jenny is experiencing? - Selected Choice
Do you think a psychiatrist/psychologist will be helpful?
The next few questions contain statements about John’s problem.  Please indicate how strongly YOU PERSONALLY 2 or 4 with each statement. - John could snap out of it if he wantedThe next few questions contain statements about Jenny’s problem.  P
The next few questions contain statements about John’s problem.  Please indicate how strongly YOU PERSONALLY 2 or 4 with each statement. - John’s problem is a sign of personal weakness.The next few questions contain statements about Jenny’s pro
The next few questions contain statements about John’s problem.  Please indicate how strongly YOU PERSONALLY 2 or 4 with each statement. - John’s problem is not a real medical illness.The next few questions contain statements about Jenny’s prob
The next few questions contain statements about John’s problem.  Please indicate how strongly YOU PERSONALLY 2 or 4 with each statement. - John is dangerous. By 'dangerous' we mean “dangerous to others”The next few questions contain statements
The next few questions contain statements about John’s problem.  Please indicate how strongly YOU PERSONALLY 2 or 4 with each statement. - It is best to avoid John so that you don’t develop this problem yourself.The next few questions contain s
The next few questions contain statements about John’s problem.  Please indicate how strongly YOU PERSONALLY 2 or 4 with each statement. - John’s problem makes him unpredictable.The next few questions contain statements about Jenny’s problem.
The next few questions contain statements about John’s problem.  Please indicate how strongly YOU PERSONALLY 2 or 4 with each statement. - You would not tell anyone if you had a problem like John’s.The next few questions contain statements abou
The following questions ask how you would feel about spending time with John. Please indicate how likely you would perform each statement. - To go out with John on the weekend?The following questions ask how you would feel about spending time with Jenny.
The following questions ask how you would feel about spending time with John. Please indicate how likely you would perform each statement. - To work on a project with John?The following questions ask how you would feel about spending time with Jenny. Plea
The following questions ask how you would feel about spending time with John. Please indicate how likely you would perform each statement. - To invite John around to your house?The following questions ask how you would feel about spending time with Jenny.
The following questions ask how you would feel about spending time with John. Please indicate how likely you would perform each statement. - To go to John’s house?The following questions ask how you would feel about spending time with Jenny. Please indica
The following questions ask how you would feel about spending time with John. Please indicate how likely you would perform each statement. - To develop a close friendship with John?The following questions ask how you would feel about spending time with Je
How 4 is it that you would take the following actions with John? - Ask if they have been having thoughts of harming themselves or others.How 4 is it that you would take the following actions with Jenny? - Ask if they have been having thoughts of
How 4 is it that you would take the following actions with John? - Let them know you are listening to what they are saying by restating and summarising what they      have said.How 4 is it that you would take the following actions with Jenny? -
How 4 is it that you would take the following actions with John? - Convey a message of hope by telling them help is available and things can get better.How 4 is it that you would take the following actions with Jenny? - Convey a message of hope
How 4 is it that you would take the following actions with John? - Discuss their options for seeking professional helpHow 4 is it that you would take the following actions with Jenny? - Discuss their options for seeking professional help
How 4 is it that you would take the following actions with John? - Ask whether they have other supportive people they can rely onHow 4 is it that you would take the following actions with Jenny? - Ask whether they have other supportive people th
How 4 is it that you would take the following actions with John? - Ask if they have been thinking about suicide.How 4 is it that you would take the following actions with Jenny? - Ask if they have been thinking about suicide.
How 4 is it that you would take the following actions with John? - Ask if they have a plan for suicide – for example, how, when and where they intend to die.How 4 is it that you would take the following actions with Jenny? - Ask if they have a p
How 4 is it that you would take the following actions with John? - Encourage them to get appropriate professional help as soon as possible – for example, see a mental health professional or someone at a mental health service.How 4 is it that you
How 4 is it that you would take the following actions with John? - Acknowledge they might be frightened by what they are experiencing.How 4 is it that you would take the following actions with Jenny? - Acknowledge they might be frightened by wha
How 4 is it that you would take the following actions with John? - Try to convince them that their beliefs and perceptions are false.How 4 is it that you would take the following actions with Jenny? - Try to convince them that their beliefs and
How 4 is it that you would take the following actions with John? - Listen to them talk about their experiences even though you know they are not based in reality.How 4 is it that you would take the following actions with Jenny? - Listen to them
How 4 is it that you would take the following actions with John? - Find out if there are specific reasons why they do not want to seek professional help.How 4 is it that you would take the following actions with Jenny? - Find out if there are sp
